like all men yes me I do like that
everyone knows what I'm talking about for me
you see you're going to have to be vigilant
5 these problems
he ordered points
in the feet in the bins and this then I appreciate the club centipede
party that disinterest sicily
I'm sure
this is the second time in 48 6%
and if he said bernard
that's it
Tuesday kickoff
in this domain
to note also
the end of the year in the green
we are in a country where there
oh yes it's true marseille it's fun
cCN
from what I saw the lady
this rise is useful to have given up
it's time to stop
the memory is good
but there are some
Villepin
so I too think she knows that another knew they were going
intensify with lawyers
for his last match
they arrived
is still announced and funny
back to normal
they are paid to parents for giving up
the Arab league
for sure
so hard
from his debut Sunday to this trend
it's a great way for wages
I'm in the lead and I thought it was good
ap paris - with the map
in his speech
earlier in the afternoon the long time
if his chances are there
his way of moving also know that m all that makes me think of a
scientific technique